I'm filming so to you when you can
guarantee this university or wheels
lampeter my general Meade is actually I
just wanted to ask you care about this
equipment that you purchase very
recently following the merger eternity
yes well this is the edge 95 harbor
system we've got we bought this because
of the merger the something between both
institutions and the demand for
committees between the two sides so we
got a new identified here as well as 295
done in Trinity as well genetical
versity we've seen vast growth in demand
for this facility and there's an
increase we reckon about ninety percent
increase in the use of the facility
between the two institutions that's
amazing so how far is 20 till it is over
20 miles right so what we're seeing is
that management and even has a
requirements finding no more and more
difficult to travel and run the
department day by day and instead of
that is laughing to use this facility
then and of course we've got the PBX
system as well for some of the managers
the high-end managers here by chance
especially on the row by Francis they've
got desktop PBX systems polygon on their
machines and they communicate mainly one
toward
not on multi-point it's mainly 11 yeah
okay so this is saving a lot of travel a
lot of time lot of travel time and it's
also very very green friendly
environment to be working in yeah I know
you've got the biscuits tea coffee and
so on yes yes we want to supply them
with that so it's all helps my time this
so feel as if you're in a management
meeting similar setup at the other end
yes lovable on the other end to be
honest and one you need based in the pcs
of this as well he's got the small of
the ability you can sit around i noticed
this this up this studio is quite close
to where the people will actually work
start yes it's not question trekking
across campus or anything on those handy
is handsome this is right to management
area and management you know this really
is a room that it's typical for us to
poke time on this is usually booked by
management right okay and if we look
it's accessible you know pretty
accessible i think you need something
like that indian institute